and female rules of fights without rules
it turns out you can fight and stay
while quite attractive female
tales watched our special
correspondent Sergey Sedov young
beautiful and very dangerous
[music]
American fun performed by Russians
amazon wrestling or fighting without rules
Sacco will not say that these wild Amazons
in fact, they sit around the offices during the day
until six in the evening they are quiet accountant and
balanced programmers and managers
after working days turn into
diwali you are a tigress than worse
mysterious nickname and image of themes
looks more spectacular
poster for the show and am royal there
there is no linea ring service these fights without
rules are called only conditionally
acrobatic show carefully
veiled under a fierce fight
the role of each wrestler is literally painted
step by step like a circus number main
the load is on me i like to do
technically if I fall to
above the legs it will look spectacular
respectively
[music]
but this does not mean that the winner is known
in advance the truth is not determined
ring from seats in the auditorium shepherd
wrestlers who fight more
like the public
either you can just meet
public and give win pet
or you can give the opposite to win and not
public favorites
well it depends on the plot and on the mood
viewers now the whole wrestling federation
Russia is 10 fragile girls and 1 1
fast going ring for them fighting without
rules
This occupation for the soul hobby which to
also brings additional
earnings show is successful bout amazons
orders for corporate parties
happy to see expensive clubs on trendy
presentations
[music]